bending champ Louie Vito no talk about
Louie Vito he has traveled the world
when it comes to snowboarding and he's
learned there's some must-haves which is
why he's the focus in art he says the
five the five you know I constantly my
living on the road so there's five
things but I have to have traveling
number one my computer you gotta stay
connected you know facebook myspace
email i chat not at all second mobile
phone where you at call me the third my
ipod because you know with all the
flights driving snowboarding need to
have music to be listening to and also
block everything outside when we were
people that you want to hear you happy
around you fourth my jewelry rest i'll
watch ring i got other stuff you know
try to mix it up the last but not least
my nights in order to bring around three
pairs with me minimum never know which
ones are gonna wonder where for going
out and you don't want to get your clean
hair dirty you know you got some backup
so those are the five things that we do
not travel without
I'm going to tell you right now I've
traveled with Louie and there's way more
than five things that Louie can't bring
with him he is fully flared 24 7 is
fully player but that's what makes Louie
Louie so here he comes dropping into the
pipe for his first run of the final
starting things off with a beautiful
1080 back to back tens straight out the
box here frontside 900 he was looking at
very very strong here inverted backside
900 and the straight air to end his run
you're watching him in practice all the
way around to beautifully executed run
from Louie Vito the defending champ 46.3
we have a new leader here in the men's
halfpipe finals he's paired witnessed to
Louie Vito the defending champ set the
benchmark on his first of two runs he's
held on the lead from that point on and
a chance to further his lead with just a
few more riders to go following Louise
last run now I would say he's
comfortable but not very comfortable at
this point I mean he's still got a lot
of talent left to come down the pipe
after him that could easily bump that
score down if they have the runs of
their lives
Louie looking to further himself from
the pack here and pull away first 1080
very fast spin very clean second 1080
very clean this could be the run Louise
looking for backside 900 right there
once you get a cab with a stale fish
person here ty run the confidence on
that run while on the cobbles up top
unbelievable Louie Vito look at the
first 1080 here the frontside 1080 to
set up such perfection able to get a
perfect pup out of that right there is
the second 1080 with the nose grab all
the way around and then ending the run
with that stalefish what landings on
those spins up top high precision at its
best and Louie Vito scores coming in
furthers his lead a 47-point 20 so that
is the new score to beat we said it over
Tina Dixon who's with Louie and Louie on
that second run you bumped up your score
you're already sitting at first you're
still sitting in first what made the
difference oh you know I just try to
clean up a few tricks and was actually
trying not to think about the snow
because I knew was gonna slow everything
down and try to fix my back nine which
was a little better still not what I
want yet but uh its first season first
consciousness he's in my bed yeah so
how's happy with that yeah I know a lot
of the new snows been affecting some of
the riders but you had speed yeah I can
thanks too for that are waxer at the US
team and try the best in the game so he
hooked it up good and hooked it up well
yes sir rubble we got more riders to go
so we'll wait and see perfect thanks
Tina it's good to see you Louie Vito all
smiles and it has a result Louie Vito
the celebration begins
no chance for improvement with that fall
for Jana korpi Louie Vito the defending
overall champ from last year's Graham
free yet another notch in his
snowboarding belt in the pipe we look at
the overall results Louie Vito with the
wind American Steve Fisher grab second
and anti Audi to bin in third on behalf
of Todd Richards and Tina Dixon i'm pat
far now we'll see you there
you